### OBJECTIVE

This Smooch connector extends from the [Chatbot API Connector](https://github.com/inbenta-integrations/chatbot_api_connector) library. This library includes a Smooch API Client in order to send messages to Smooch users through our Smooch Page. It translates Smooch's messages into the Inbenta Chatbot API format and vice versa. Also, it implements some methods from the base HyperChat client in order to communicate with Smooch when the user is chatting.

### FUNCTIONALITIES
This connector inherits the functionalities from the `ChatbotConnector` library. Currently, the features provided by this application are:

* Simple answers
* Multiple options with a limit of 3 elements (Smooch only allows a maximum number of three options)
* Polar questions
* Chained answers
* Content ratings (yes/no + comment)
* Escalate to HyperChat after a number of no-results answers
* Escalate to HyperChat when matching with an 'Escalation FAQ'
* Send information to webhook through forms

### HOW TO CUSTOMIZE

**Custom Behaviors**

If you need to customize the bot flow, you need to modify the class `SmoochConnector.php`. This class extends from the ChatbotConnector and here you can override all the parent methods.


### STRUCTURE

The `SmoochConnector` folder has some classes needed to use the ChatbotConnector with Smooch. These classes are used in the SmoochConnector constructor in order to provide the application with the components needed to send information to Smooch and to parse messages between Smooch, ChatbotAPI and HyperChat.

**External API folder**

Inside this folder there is the Smooch API client which allows the bot to send messages and handle authorization events.


**External Digester folder**

This folder contains the class SmoochDigester. This class is a kind of "translator" between the Chatbot API and Smooch. Mainly, the work performed by this class is to convert a message from the Chatbot API into a message accepted by the Smooch API. It also does the inverse work, translating messages from Smooch into the format required by the Chatbot API.


**HyperChat API**

The class `SmoochHyperChatClient` instantiates a Smooch client from the `external_id` parameter provided by HyperChat. This parameter is generated by the external client and passed to HyperChat when the chat is created. This parameter allows us to instantiate a new Smooch client from Smooch user_id that is extracted from the external_id:
```php
    //Instances an external client
    protected function instanceExternalClient($externalId, $appConf){
        $smoochId = SmoochAPIClient::getIdFromExternalId($externalId);
        $externalClient = new SmoochAPIClient($appConf->get('fb.page_access_token'));
        $externalClient->setSenderFromId( $smoochId );
        return $externalClient;
    }
```

This class extends from the class `HyperChatClient` that extends from the default HyperChatClient provided by the product team, and all the parent methods can be overwritten.
